Javi, I would like you to analyze
a concept that is programmatic
advertising that you named in
previous classes, which is
a growing trend that I think
we should all understand.
First, what is it or what consists
of?
Well, I think programmatic advertising
has been the biggest revolution
we've ever had in digital
advertising, let's.
That is, it has been what has changed
is the new driver of digital
advertising.
To explain it, you remember in
an earlier class that we talked
about the ways we could hire advertising.
It could be a manual way, practically
where the advertiser arrived
either directly or through an
agency, spoke with the support,
negotiated a space at
a certain price and impacted
the user.
Let's say that programmatic
advertising can automatize all
that data-based process,
something we didn't have in the
manual process and through
technology before.
That would be the most pure
definition of programmatic
advertising.
That we have then that
in the old manual hiring
mode, basically what we could
have was to decide on what
support we were making the hiring.
I want to impact a media
or I want to impact
a social network or
I want to impact a media.
But in the end you had to do what
we called a cherry picking, almost
picking up a little bit each of those
supports where you wanted to impact.
And I did it based on the support and
on the audience I thought that support
had or that support deserved
that I had or comscore,
that meter, deserved that I had.
Basically, I want to impact
men over 40.
I will also be able to get out of the digital
brand, as I will be able to reach that audience.
actually is.
What is happening?
That my digital brand can tell me,
hear, because in the age range
between 30 and 40 years, because
I have a million users.
Of course, if I put or impact with
a banner in brand, I don't know
if I'm impacting any of them,
a few thousand, that whole million.
So if I'm looking for
a very specific segment,
what I'm being is inefficient,
because I'm impacting
many.
You are impacting many of those,
but also many more.
And that is generating a cost to me.
So the cost is inefficient
too, because I'm not impacting
and I just want to really
impact the audience I'm interested
in.
This is something that programmatic
advertising solves.
Why is?
We put that date.
That layer of date is what
we call the attributes that
each of us has in their navigation.
So, when you want to impact
a user with certain attributes,
through programmatic advertising,
you can do it all and
every time exclusively
to those users who have
those attributes.
This makes the process infinitely
more efficient.
You can do it no matter
where you are navigating.
I don't have to go looking for support,
but the whole process, all the technology
I have behind, will tell
me at every moment where
those users are and I will be
able to pick up those users.
Then we entered Vale.
Let us put ourselves in the situation.
We want to impact men aged 35.
What were we doing before?
We go to the brand and other media,
one by one, etc., with the
inefficiency that is in terms of
time and effort.
And it's also that once we
had a banner on that medium and
we put it on the brand, in addition
to the men of 35, we were impacting
people with other profiles,
ages, etc., and we are
paying for them all.
That's what we do, we want to
impact the 35-year-old men,
just them.
Technology or programming in this
case allows us to only
impact them, but also through
very different supports.
We have reversed the process.
It's not so much that we define
the support and shoot with everything
that falls, but that we're
going to shoot only our target
audience through a multitude of
supports.
That is.
This does not mean that support
is not important.
Why is?
There is a context that is
always important.
It is not the same to be browsing
in a notorious, credible, credible
media, that to be browsing
at least on sites that can
be, I imagine, illegal downloads
or series and so
on, where we can
get involved.
That user may be there too,
but I probably don't care
to impact them.
You also choose support.
We can choose which to exclude or which
to integrate.
You can make a whitelist or a whitelist.
The important thing about all this
is that we can find the user
on virtually any site during
their browsing, with the
attributes we want to give him.
And I tell you, at anecdotal level,
of Power MBA, we used programmatic
advertising, among other strategies,
and well, basically, I, without
having participated in that
answer, what I perceived is that,
immediately, we were coming
out in very many media, because
I appeared myself, my
face even, when I was in
expansion or when I
was in the world, etc., and
had been hired that same
afternoon.
actually is.
That is the efficiency that offers you
and the immediate that offers
you too, and apart from
automation, which is one of the
keys to programmatic advertising.